README 
Linfeng He
Dec 19th, 2016
--------------------
My whole project contains three parts: 
1. Progress.R 
The first R script `Progress` is for data scrapping from the website (moviebodycounts.com)
I set the index page as the root, then first scrapped the linked to each index page. Within 
the first for loop, there's another for loop which is for scrapping the links to each movie in
that index page. 

For example, when the first for loop access list "A" (http://www.moviebodycounts.com/movies-A.htm),
the algorithn will extract the links to the movie page "Above the law", "Action Jackson" and "Alpha Dog" etc.
Eventually, I got a list of urls to all the movies on my target website. 

Next step, which is real web scrapping, the biggest challenge is the errors and failures I receive from scrapping 
possibly because the servers were not capable of handling my relentless accesses. Thus I built a try-catch handler with 
`System.Sleep` method. 

Besides, the scrapping itself is also miserable. The contents of the website is contributed by individuals, so there's no 
such thing as a format. Therefore, I cannot scrapped all the data I wanted with the same block of methods. So I can to 
check it manually on some of the data entry and see if I have to apply another methods or changed the nodes I'm extracting from. 

-------------------
2. Cleaning.R
Cleaning, as it is, consist of all the dirty work I need to make the data ready to be analyzed.
The cleaning work also involves a lot of "try-check-modify-try again" cycles, largely because all the information 
were stored in one column. What's worse? There are MILLIONS of typos and misspelled words in each column which made me 
try over and over. The only part I'm not so satisfied is I cannot extract how many people got killed by each actor/actress 
in the movie independently because of how the information is stored. (Or I didn't have enough time to figure out how I should do it)

--------------------
3. Part.3.Analysis.Rmd
The real analysis part. 

--------------------
EXTRA. DATA
Alongside with R scripts and R markdown I also uploaded all the data which includes the raw data and clean data. 